README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/syi0808/pubm/blob/main/docs/logo.svg" height="150">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
pubm
</h1>

<p align="center">
publish manager for multiple registry (JSR, npm and private registries)
<p>

## Why

- Customize with plugin

It is designed to be easy to managing publish to multiple registry.

## Usage

```bash
pubm publish
```

## Config file for publish

You can have either package.json or jsr.json.


## Tasks

<details>
<summary>
pubm tasks
</summary>

- Notify new version
- Checking required information
  - Select SemVer increment or specify new version
  - Select the tag for this pre-release version in npm: (if version is prerelease) 
    - checking for the existence of either package.json or jsr.json
- Prerequisite checks = skip-pre (for deployment reliability)
  - Checking if remote history is clean...
  - Checking if the local working tree is clean…
  - Checking if commits exist since the last release...
  - Checking available registries for publishing...
    - in jsr permission check token exist and ask token
    - if first time -> Checking package name availability...
- Required conditions checks (concurrently) = skip-required (for pubm tasks)
  - Ping registries...
  - Checking if test and build scripts exist...
  - if not first time -> Verifying user authentication...
  - Checking git version...
  - Checking git tag existence...
  - Verifying current branch is a release branch...
  - Checking if npm and jsr are installed...
- Running tests...
- Building the project...
- Bumping version…
- Publishing... (concurrently)
  - npm
      - Running npm publish...
      - Verifying two-factor authentication...
  - jsr
      - Running jsr publish...
      - Verifying two-factor authentication...
- Pushing tags to GitHub...
- Creating release draft on GitHub...
</details>

<details>
<summary>
np tasks
</summary>

- Show New files and New dependencies
- Check commits exist since last release
- Check package name availabliity
- Input SemVer version
- Input tag (if version is prerelease)
- Check hasn't been published scoped package
- Prerequisite tasks
  - Ping npm registry
  - Check package manager version
  - Verify user is authenticated
  - Check git version
  - Check git remote
  - Validate version
  - Check for prerelease vesion
    - if not private and is prerelease version and tag option not exist -> throw error should set tag
  - Check git tag existence
- Git tasks
  - Check current branch is release branch
  - Check local working tree is clean
  - Check remote history is clean
- Cleanup
- Install dependencies
- Tests
- Bumping version
- Publish package
- two-factor authentication
- Push tags
- Release draft
</details>

Commit message:

feat: jsr reserved name check

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/syi0808/pubm/blob/main/docs/logo.svg" height="150">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
pubm
</h1>

<p align="center">
publish manager for multiple registry (JSR, npm and private registries)
<p>

## Why

- Customize with plugin

It is designed to be easy to managing publish to multiple registry.

## Usage

```bash
pubm publish
```

## Config file for publish

You can have either package.json or jsr.json.


## Tasks

<details>
<summary>
pubm tasks
</summary>

- Notify new version
- Checking required information ✅
  - Select SemVer increment or specify new version ✅
  - Select the tag for this pre-release version in npm: (if version is prerelease) ✅
    - checking for the existence of either package.json or jsr.json ✅
- Prerequisite checks = skip-pre (for deployment reliability) ✅
  - Checking if remote history is clean... ✅
  - Checking if the local working tree is clean... ✅
  - Checking if commits exist since the last release... ✅
  - Checking available registries for publishing... ✅
    - in jsr permission check token exist and ask token ✅
    - if first time -> Checking package name availability... ✅
    - if scoped package and scope reserved contact message
- Required conditions checks (concurrently) = skip-required (for pubm tasks)
  - Ping registries...
  - Checking if test and build scripts exist...
  - if not first time -> Verifying user authentication...
  - Checking git version...
  - Checking git tag existence...
  - Verifying current branch is a release branch...
  - Checking if npm and jsr are installed...
- Running tests...
- Building the project...
- Bumping version…
- Publishing... (concurrently)
  - npm
      - Running npm publish...
      - Verifying two-factor authentication...
  - jsr
      - Running jsr publish...
      - Verifying two-factor authentication...
- Pushing tags to GitHub...
- Creating release draft on GitHub...
</details>

<details>
<summary>
np tasks
</summary>

- Show New files and New dependencies
- Check commits exist since last release
- Check package name availabliity
- Input SemVer version
- Input tag (if version is prerelease)
- Check hasn't been published scoped package
- Prerequisite tasks
  - Ping npm registry
  - Check package manager version
  - Verify user is authenticated
  - Check git version
  - Check git remote
  - Validate version
  - Check for prerelease vesion
    - if not private and is prerelease version and tag option not exist -> throw error should set tag
  - Check git tag existence
- Git tasks
  - Check current branch is release branch
  - Check local working tree is clean
  - Check remote history is clean
- Cleanup
- Install dependencies
- Tests
- Bumping version
- Publish package
- two-factor authentication
- Push tags
- Release draft
</details>
